Maximize Weekly PPG With this Shiny App

Days (really though weeks, actually months if you're reading this) of 
fantasy football draft preparation seem to be meaningless if a wrench is thrown
into your plans.

1) You were banking on drafting a player but he slips off the board early.
2) A player you like but thought would be gone when you picked is still 
available.

Either way, you have to be flexible when drafting.

There are some things we can know: 
generally who will be available in each round. 
how that player can optimize your current roster

I think many people ignore BYE weeks when they draft. They shouldn't. If your 
top players have overlapping BYE weeks then you're essentially giving up. 

Fantasy Football is a fickle game. You are at the mercy of the schedule. You
can score the 2nd most points in your league and lost, or score the second 
fewest and win. 

What matters is consistency. Matthew Berry suggests getting to 100 points/week
for most standard scoring ESPN leagues. That's an easy calculation when you base
it off of PPG by player, but every player will sit out at least their BYE week.

How can you get to 100/week every week if you don't know how BYE weeks overlap?

That's the problem I intend to help answer with the Shiny App. 

This Shiny App:
1) Evaluates your current roster
2) Iteratively adds each available player to your roster, calculates the average
points per game added by that player, then recommends players by position by 
comparing the points added by that player to the best player we think (based on 
ADP) will be available the NEXT time you draft
3) Recomendations provided by position and sorted by descending value. 




Can Handle:
Any roster size
Either Flex/OP but not both. Should it be both?
Recs based on availability in two picks (useful for people at beginning/end 
of rounds)


Realistically this:
1) Requires dual monitors or laptop/phone // laptop/tablet. You need to see the
screen as well as the draft application.
2) Vigilant updating. This requires manually entering players as they get 
drafted as well as as you draft them. This does not sit on top of your actual
draft app. 


Relies on data from:
- third party site for PPG and ADP
- if the PPG data is wrong, oh well! can't do anything about that.  


A note on timing: Yes, fantasy football won't reenter the lexicon in full force
until August, but I've been noodling with this idea for months now. I want to 
share it now and update it with more data in August 2017. 
